- [Instructor] The exercise files for this course
are stored on GitHub.
There are branches for both the start and end states
of each video where we work on code.
You can view a list of all the branches here
in GitHub from the branch dropdown.
For example, if you want to browse the start state
for video 02_01, Create a Message, you can change
to the 02_01b branch here where B stands for begin.
The ending state of the Create a Message video
is in the 02-01e branch.
The main branch of the repository
holds the completed project code.
This project is runnable on any branch.
The root repository may be forked at will,
allowing you to experiment, practice, and commit any portion
of these lessons as you wish.
The lessons are presented from a fork
of the root repository and you can make your own fork
through the GitHub user interface.
To work with this Java project, there are multiple
integrated development environments that you can choose.
By cloning or downloading the project files
at your command line, you will be prepared
to open the project in any IDE that you wish.
Your IDE likely has a specific way to clone a git repository
from within the user interface
and this will vary by environment and also by your preferred
GitHub authentication mechanism.
You can also run a clone from the command line.
Once you have the project files on your local
development system, you can proceed to open, compile,
and run the Maven-based Spring Boot project in your IDE.
Again, these exact steps will vary depending on your IDE.
The readme file in the root directory
of the GitHub repository gives instructions
for procedures in IntelliJ.
To navigate between video exercise files
in your local system, use the Git Checkout command
either in your command line terminal
or in your IDE command line.
For example, using the IntelliJ command line prompt
to switch your view to the project files
for the start of video 02_01, Create a Message,
looks like this, git checkout 02_01b.